updating Hugo image README (#1884)
chainguard-images/images: images/hugo/README.md

## Application Setup for End Users

> The following is an example of using the Hugo image locally. It's based on the official [Hugo "quickstart"](https://gohugo.io/getting-started/quick-start/#commands) example.

Reviewer: It annoys me so much that they call it "quick start" in the documentation but you run it as `quickstart`

> To begin, start a shell in the Hugo "dev" container:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To begin, start a shell in the Hugo developer (dev) container:
```

```shell
docker run -v $PWD/data:/home/data --entrypoint=/bin/sh -p 8080:8080 -it \
cgr.dev/chainguard/hugo:latest-dev
```

Create a new Hugo site using the quickstart commands.

```shell
hugo new site quickstart
```

Navigate into the new site's root directory.

```shell
cd quickstart
```

Initiate an empty Git repository 

```shell
git init
```

Clone a Hugo theme into the `themes` directory. 

```shell
git submodule add https://github.com/theNewDynamic/gohugo-theme-ananke themes/ananke
```

Add a line to the site's configuration file to let Hugo know to use the new theme.

```shell
echo "theme = 'ananke'" >> hugo.toml
```

Start the Hugo development server to serve the site. Be sure to change the default bind address and port to make the site accessible outside of the container.

```shell
hugo serve --bind 0.0.0.0 --port 8080
```

Now open your browser to [localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080) to visit the sample site.

When finished, you can press `CTRL + C` to stop the Hugo server from running, and then `CTRL + D` to exit the container shell.

> If you're interested in enterprise support, SLAs, and access to older tags, [get in touch](https://www.chainguard.dev/chainguard-images).

Reviewer: What about the contact us form?

```suggestion
If you're interested in enterprise support, SLAs, and access to older tags, [get in touch](https://www.chainguard.dev/contact?utm_source=docs).
```
